Update to enterprise ca certificate requirements for Azure Premium Firewall (#124363)
Azure/azure-content: articles/firewall/premium-deploy-certificates-enterprise-ca.md

- an [Azure Key Vault](premium-certificates.md#azure-key-vault) 
- a Managed Identity with Read permissions to **Certificates and Secrets** defined in the Key Vault Access Policy 

## Create a new Subordinate Certificate Template

1. Run `certtmpl.msc` to open the Certificate Template Console.

> 2. Find the "Subordinate Certification Authority" template in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Find the **Subordinate Certification Authority** template in the console.
```

> 3. Right-click on the "Subordinate Certification Authority" template and select "Duplicate Template".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Right-click on the **Subordinate Certification Authority** template and select **Duplicate Template**.
```

> 4. In the "Properties of New Template" window, go to the "Compatibility" tab and set the appropriate compatibility settings or leave them as default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Properties of New Template** window, go to the **Compatibility** tab and set the appropriate compatibility settings or leave them as default.
```

5. Go to the **General** tab, set the **Template Display Name** (for example: `My Subordinate CA`), and adjust the validity period if necessary. Optionally, select the **Publish certificate in Active Directory** checkbox.
6. In the **Settings** tab, ensure the required users and groups have read and `enrol` permissions.
7. Navigate to the **Extensions** tab, select **Key Usage**, and select **Edit**.
   - Ensure that the **Digital signature**, **Certificate signing**, and **CRL signing** checkboxes are selected.

>    - Select the **Make this extension critical** checkbox and select **OK**.
>    :::image type="content" source="media/premium-deploy-certificates-enterprise-ca/certificate-template-key-usage-extension.png" alt-text="Screenshot of certificate template key usage extensions.":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Select the **Make this extension critical** checkbox and select **OK**.
   
   :::image type="content" source="media/premium-deploy-certificates-enterprise-ca/certificate-template-key-usage-extension.png" alt-text="Screenshot of certificate template key usage extensions.":::
```

> 5. Go to the "General" tab, set the "Template Display Name" (e.g., "My Subordinate CA"), and adjust the validity period if necessary. Optionally, check the "Publish certificate in Active Directory" checkbox.
> 6. In the "Settings" tab, ensure the required users and groups have read and enrol permissions.
> 7. Navigate to the "Extensions" tab, select "Key Usage", and click "Edit".
>    - Ensure that the "Digital signature", "Certificate signing", and "CRL signing" checkboxes are checked.
>    - Check the "Make this extension critical" checkbox and click "OK".
> :::image type="content" source="media/premium-deploy-certificates-enterprise-ca/certificate-template-key-usage-extension.png" alt-text="Screenshot of certificate template key usage extensions":::
> 8. Click "OK" to save the new certificate template.
> 9. Ensure the new template is enabled so it can be used to issue certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Go to the **General** tab, set the **Template Display Name** (for example: `My Subordinate CA`), and adjust the validity period if necessary. Optionally, select the **Publish certificate in Active Directory** checkbox.
6. In the **Settings** tab, ensure the required users and groups have read and `enrol` permissions.
7. Navigate to the **Extensions** tab, select **Key Usage**, and select **Edit**.
   - Ensure that the **Digital signature**, **Certificate signing**, and **CRL signing** checkboxes are selected.
   - Select the **Make this extension critical** checkbox and select **OK**.
   :::image type="content" source="media/premium-deploy-certificates-enterprise-ca/certificate-template-key-usage-extension.png" alt-text="Screenshot of certificate template key usage extensions.":::
8. Select **OK** to save the new certificate template.
9. Ensure the new template is enabled so it can be used to issue certificates.
```

## Request and export a certificate

1. Access the web enrollment site on the Root CA, usually `https://<servername>/certsrv` and select **Request a Certificate**.
1. Select **Advanced Certificate Request**.
1. Select **Create and Submit a Request to this CA**.

> 1. Fill out the form using the Subordinate Certification Authority template created in previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fill out the form using the Subordinate Certification Authority template created in the previous section.
```

- an [Azure Key Vault](premium-certificates.md#azure-key-vault) 
- a Managed Identity with Read permissions to **Certificates and Secrets** defined in the Key Vault Access Policy 

## Create a new Subordinate Certificate Template

1. Run `certtmpl.msc` to open the Certificate Template Console.
2. Find the **Subordinate Certification Authority** template in the console.
3. Right-click on the **Subordinate Certification Authority** template and select **Duplicate Template**.
4. In the **Properties of New Template** window, go to the **Compatibility** tab and set the appropriate compatibility settings or leave them as default.
5. Go to the **General** tab, set the **Template Display Name** (for example: `My Subordinate CA`), and adjust the validity period if necessary. Optionally, select the **Publish certificate in Active Directory** checkbox.

> 6. In the **Settings** tab, ensure the required users and groups have read and `enrol` permissions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. In the **Settings** tab, ensure the required users and groups have read and `enroll` permissions.
```
fixing typo
